In this video we'll cover step six
of laying out the form controls in the HTML template.
All right, so let's go ahead and move back over
to our checkout component about HTML.
Right now we simply have "checkout works"
and we need to actually put our real form here,
to show some real form data for the checkout form.
So I'll make a small mod here on my div,
I'll make use of that new CSS style that updated CSS style
and I'll add page-m because we need that
for just some other cosmetic layouts here for our form.
So we'll set up divs here for the section and the container.
And now we'll get down to business
and actually start creating our form,
and we use form group in square brackets
and we have a reference to checkout form group.
I'll do some quick cleanup here on the divs at the bottom.
So now this form group, that's the name
of the property from our component class,
so remember earlier when we created our checkout component
dot ts we had a property called checkout form group,
so those two items have to match up.
And so remember a form group is a collection
of forms controls or other groups,
so we'll add a customer form group and also a submit button
and we'll add more form groups later,
but this is just enough to kind of get us started.
So all set with this form group name customer,
and that's the actual name of the key
that's in the form group,
so again from that coding that we created earlier,
we add customer colon this dot form builder blah blah blah,
that's the actual reference there
those two items have to match up.
So we're basically binding this form
to the actual properties of fields in our,
back in component dot ts file.
So now it's simply do some HTML work here
for setting up our H3 for customer
and then I'll define a row
and this row will be for first name.
So I'll have a label here for first name
and also an input field for the actual first name.
Alrighty so there's our input form control name
of first name and the input type of text.
So again, that's the name of the form control
in our form group, first name,
and again they match up because we are doing data binding
between this form and our actual component dot ts file.
Alrighty so I'll just move down here at the bottom
and I'll add a submit button.
All right, so that looks pretty good for our submit button,
let's go ahead and swing into our browser
and take a look at this.
All right so just add some items to our cart.
Scroll down to the bottom here into checkout.
We should of scroll up and we should see this new
form piece that we just added in, customer and first name.
So that's the basics, we'll kind of repeat the process
X number of times, but at least we have
the basic layout in place.
So I'd say, "Good job!"